# Sprint Review + Work Session
## Friday, 17 May 2024, 3:00â€“6:00 PM @ Geisel Library
### _Meeting Minutes_

### Attendance
- [x] Luke Sheltraw
- [x] Harshil Dodiya 
- [x] Eric Nguyen
- [x] Kristin Ebuengan
- [x] Alex Oshima
- [x] Arjun Ghoshal
- [x] Georolyn Ngo
- [x] Brandon Reponte
- [x] Shijun Lun

### Agenda
- Discuss the last sprint
- Work on finishing up our tickets for the sprint, so that we can remain on schedule

### Future Investigation
- Further encapulsation of tasks

### Decisions Made
- A decent chunk of team members felt that they lacked direction this last sprint, which is something that we can talk about during our presentation next week
- Overall, our velocity seems pretty good w.r.t. getting a decent product by the end of the quarter
- Design documents from before are paying off
- Barrier-to-entry for new programming languages is pretty high
  - Explore pair programming next sprint?
