# Touching Base
## Sunday, 2 June 2024, 3:00â€“4:00 PM @ Zoom
### _Meeting Minutes_

### Attendance
- [x] Luke Sheltraw
- [x] Harshil Dodiya 
- [ ] Eric Nguyen
- [x] Kristin Ebuengan
- [x] Alex Oshima
- [x] Arjun Ghoshal
- [ ] Georolyn Ngo
- [ ] Brandon Reponte
- [ ] Shijun Lun

### Agenda
Progress updates on various tickets
- 74 Settings SPA
  - Not present
- 73 Versus E2E
  - Just started b/c new issue; will probably take full sprint
- 72 Backend versus testing
  - Almost done, just cleaning up
- 69 Figma prototyping mobile
  - Someone can be assigned this week
- 68 Rework end-of-game solo mode
  - PR created
- 54 Continue settings dev
  - Not present
- 53 World events
  - Backend essentially done; frontend WIP, getting help from Arjun and Shijun
- 51 List of world events
  - Done; ticket should be closed
- 48 Conform lobby player list style
  - Not present
- 47 Animate card dealing
  - Kristin can be assigned here to replace Harshil and Alex while they finish up their other issue
- 46 Animate card winning on versus
  - PR created
- 41 Style guide conformation
  - Potentially unneeded in light of other progress

### Future Investigation
- Keep working on current issues

### Decisions Made
- Next week will just be issue clean-up
