## Opening 
**Team** : 17 (CSS Crusaders) <br>
**Type** : Team Meeting  <br>
**Location** : In person, right after class <br>
**Time** : Tuesday 6:30 - 7:30pm <br>
**Attendance**: 
- [x] Mick
- [x] Jenny
- [x] Kristine
- [x] Kevin
- [ ] Maryam
- [x] Henry
- [x] Steven
- [x] Ben
- [x] Ziyou (James)
- [x] Jeannie 

---
## Announcements
1. Thank you everyone for your hard work

## Agenda
1. What we have so far -- presentation
2. Check in on progress. Update everyone with what we have right now
3. Talk about this week plan and distribute works
4. Come up with midterm question for extra credit (?) 
5. CI/CD and documentation
6. Subteam discussion

## Details:
1. What we have so far -- demo
2. Github branches organization - delete everything (good to delete) 
    - Decide whether to continue to use PRs or use main & dev branches
    - Decision: Main, frontdev, backdev branches
    - 2 PRs per milestone
3. Come up with midterm question for extra credit (something with example)
    - Submit and vote on slack 
4. CI/CD (due Sun)
    - Linting (Prettier)
    - Testing
    - JSDocs (https://medium.com/@trevorjperez1/document-your-js-project-with-jsdoc3-860c810de621 )
    - Deploying (static HTML deploy)
5. ADRs (due Sun)
    - https://adr.github.io/
    - https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture-decision-record
    - Minimum 3 ADRs
    - Why did we choose to use localStorage?
    - Why did we choose vanilla HTML/CSS/JS?
    - Why did we choose Prettier?
    - Why did we choose to deploy using github.io?
    - Why choose a frontend/backend issue split?
6. Rough Schedule for Milestone 2:
    - Before next Tuesday class:
    - FE: Unify UI design and fix bugs
    - BE: Added Unit Tests for all the functions and add image capture
    - Bug fixes
7. Subteam discussion
    - FE: need an overarching theme
    - BE: divided work and set up meeting on 

---
## Questions

---
## Conclusion 

### To do before next meeting
1. Create issues accordingly and distribute work

### What to do in next meeting 
